# egrep  '^  \| ' Camll*t.ml | grep -v ' of ' | awk '{print $3"            "$1}'| sed 's/://' | sort > camllines

modify_string.pl  _Mac_ _Eac_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mas_ _Eas_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mat_ _Eat_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mfs_ _Efs_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Msl_ _Esl_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mss_ _Ess_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mst_ _Est_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _Mtt_ _Ett_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mac_ _eac_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mas_ _eas_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mat_ _eat_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mft_ _eft_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _msc_ _esc_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _msl_ _esl_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mss_ _ess_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mst_ _est_ *ml
modify_string.pl  _mtt_ _ett_ *ml
modify_string.pl Mas_pppf Eas_pppf *ml
modify_string.pl Mas_vdot Eas_vdot *ml
modify_string.pl Mfs_tdot Efs_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl Msc_tdot Esc_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl Mss_tdot Ess_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl Mst_tdot Est_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl mas_vdot eas_vdot *ml
modify_string.pl mfs_bof ess_bof *ml
modify_string.pl mss_tdot ess_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl mst_tdot est_tdot *ml
modify_string.pl of_mss of_ess *ml
modify_string.pl tdot_mfs tdot_efs *ml
modify_string.pl tdot_msc tdot_esc *ml
modify_string.pl tdot_mss tdot_ess *ml
modify_string.pl tdot_mst tdot_est *ml
modify_word.pl is_space_tag_vdot_name_mast_vdot_att is_space_tag_vdot_name_est_vdot_att  *ml
