empty_1                                               7  7 string 	Empty_1                                               7  7 string 
dbref_id                                              8 11 string 	Dbref_id                                              8 11 string 
empty_2                                              12 12 string  	Empty_2                                              12 12 string  
dbref_chain_id                                        13 13 char   	Dbref_chain_id                                        13 13 char   
empty_3                                              14 14 string  	Empty_3                                              14 14 string  
dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_initial_sequence_number   15 18 int    	Dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_initial_sequence_number   15 18 int    
dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_initial_insertion_code    19 19 char   	Dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_initial_insertion_code    19 19 char   
empty_4                                              20 20 string  	Empty_4                                              20 20 string  
dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_final_sequence_number     21 24 int    	Dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_final_sequence_number     21 24 int    
dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_final_insertion_code      25 25 char   	Dbref_pdb_sequence_segment_final_insertion_code      25 25 char   
empty_5                                              26 26 string  	Empty_5                                              26 26 string  
dbref_sequence_database_name                         27 32 string 	Dbref_sequence_database_name                         27 32 string 
empty_6                                              33 33 string  	Empty_6                                              33 33 string  
dbref_sequence_database_accession_code               34 41 string 	Dbref_sequence_database_accession_code               34 41 string 
empty_7                                              42 42 string  	Empty_7                                              42 42 string  
dbref_sequence_database_identification_code          43 54 string 	Dbref_sequence_database_identification_code          43 54 string 
empty_8                                              55 55 string  	Empty_8                                              55 55 string  
dbref_database_segment_initial_sequence_number       56 60 int    	Dbref_database_segment_initial_sequence_number       56 60 int    
dbref_database_segment_initial_insertion_code        61 61 char   	Dbref_database_segment_initial_insertion_code        61 61 char   
empty_9                                              62 62 string  	Empty_9                                              62 62 string  
dbref_database_segment_final_sequence_number         63 67 int    	Dbref_database_segment_final_sequence_number         63 67 int    
dbref_database_segment_final_residue_insertion_code  68 68 char   	Dbref_database_segment_final_residue_insertion_code  68 68 char   
empty_10                                             68 80 string  	Empty_10                                             68 80 string  
