empty_1                                    7  7 string 	Empty_1                                    7  7 string 
helix_serial_number                        8 10 int 	Helix_serial_number                        8 10 int 
empty_2                                   11 11 string 	Empty_2                                   11 11 string 
helix_id                                  12 14 string  	Helix_id                                  12 14 string  
helix_initial_residue_name                16 18 string 	Helix_initial_residue_name                16 18 string 
empty_3                                   19 19 string 	Empty_3                                   19 19 string 
helix_initial_chain_id                    20 20 char 	Helix_initial_chain_id                    20 20 char 
empty_4                                   21 21 string 	Empty_4                                   21 21 string 
helix_initial_residue_sequence_number     22 25 int 	Helix_initial_residue_sequence_number     22 25 int 
helix_initial_residue_insertion_code      26 26 char 	Helix_initial_residue_insertion_code      26 26 char 
empty_5                                   27 27 string 	Empty_5                                   27 27 string 
helix_final_residue_name                  28 30 string 	Helix_final_residue_name                  28 30 string 
empty_6                                   31 31 string 	Empty_6                                   31 31 string 
helix_final_chain_id                      32 32 char 	Helix_final_chain_id                      32 32 char 
empty_7                                   33 33 string 	Empty_7                                   33 33 string 
helix_final_residue_sequence_number       34 37 int 	Helix_final_residue_sequence_number       34 37 int 
helix_final_residue_insertion_code        38 38 char 	Helix_final_residue_insertion_code        38 38 char 
helix_class                               39 40 int 	Helix_class                               39 40 int 
empty_8                                   41 71 string 	Empty_8                                   41 71 string 
helix_length                              72 76 float 	Helix_length                              72 76 float 
empty_9                                   77 80 string 	Empty_9                                   77 80 string 
