empty_1                                    7 12 string 	Empty_1                                    7 12 string 
link_atom_name_1                          13 16 string 	Link_atom_name_1                          13 16 string 
link_alternative_location_1               17 17 char  	Link_alternative_location_1               17 17 char  
link_residue_name_1                       18 20 string 	Link_residue_name_1                       18 20 string 
empty_3                                   21 21 string  	Empty_3                                   21 21 string  
link_chain_id_1                           22 22 char 	Link_chain_id_1                           22 22 char 
link_residue_sequence_number_1            23 26 string 	Link_residue_sequence_number_1            23 26 string 
link_insertion_code_1                     27 27 char 	Link_insertion_code_1                     27 27 char 
empty_4                                   28 42 string  	Empty_4                                   28 42 string  
link_atom_name_2                          43 46 string 	Link_atom_name_2                          43 46 string 
link_alternative_location_2               47 47 char   	Link_alternative_location_2               47 47 char   
link_residue_name_2                       48 50 string 	Link_residue_name_2                       48 50 string 
empty_5                                   51 51 string  	Empty_5                                   51 51 string  
link_chain_id_2                           52 52 char 	Link_chain_id_2                           52 52 char 
link_residue_sequence_number_2            53 56 int 	Link_residue_sequence_number_2            53 56 int 
link_insertion_code_2                     57 57 char 	Link_insertion_code_2                     57 57 char 
empty_8                                   58 59 string  	Empty_8                                   58 59 string  
symmetry_operator_1                       60 65 string 	Symmetry_operator_1                       60 65 string 
empty_9                                   66 66 string  	Empty_9                                   66 66 string  
symmetry_operator_2                       67 72 string 	Symmetry_operator_2                       67 72 string 
empty_10                                  73 73 string  	Empty_10                                  73 73 string  
link_length                               74 78 float  	Link_length                               74 78 float  
empty_11                                  79 80 string  	Empty_11                                  79 80 string  
